added point about access modifiers (#40)
mate-academy/jv-program-common-mistakes: java-core/junit/lambda-calc.md

assertThrows(ExpectedException.class, () -> object.methodUnderTest(inputParams);
```
* Try to avoid complex if else and switch case constructions that will make your code less flexible.

> * Don't forget about proper access modifiers in your classes and in all of theirs attributes(tests too).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don't forget about proper access modifiers for your classes and for all of their components (this applies to test classes as well).
```
